[Music]
whoa hey guys it's rocky here you met my
friends Charlie and Oscar right well if
not then I recommend checking out
Charlie's story because boy has he bent
through it we all have really that's
just the case when you're a dog living
out on the streets anyway the three of
us are besties me Charlie and Oscar
actually Charlie no longer lives with us
since he got lucky and found his new
human but like I said we're pals so
Oscar and I can only feel happy for our
friend and we hope his new human treats
him better than that Jenny person he
told us about speaking of the Gennie's
of the world I happen to know a few of
them all too well when I first met
Charlie in that alley I told him about
my first owners they were a young couple
and they bought me from a pet store when
I was just a pup everything was good the
first year or so lots of playtime treats
and toys galore but then things got bad
real quick my Sarah and Dan stopped
giving me so much attention they were
always on their phones and they seemed
upset and stressed out most of the time
I don't remember much since I was still
pretty young but I'll never forget the
day they got into that big truck with
all those boxes and drove away
I don't know how long I sat on that
porch and waited for them to come back a
little old lady happened to walk by our
house she noticed me and said hey little
fella what are you doing sitting there
all alone did your owners lock you out
but after picking into the windows she
looked down and me and said oh you poor
thing they left you didn't they
I looked up at her confused that's when
she put her hand under my chin and said
that's okay you can come and live with
old Eileen how does that sound come on
now I'll fix you up something good eat I
was hesitant to leave at first I didn't
want Sarah and Dan to worry about me
once they got back but I was hungry too
so I went with a nice lady and boy am I
glad I did
I made myself at home with her and we
did everything together every morning
I'd wake her up and we'd have breakfast
in her cozy little kitchen while she
listened to the humans on the TV talk
about the Sun when in rain then she put
my leash on me and we'd go for a walk
around the block we go past my old house
each time and I never did see Sarah and
Dan another family moved in not long
after mine had left I'd understood by
then that they were never coming back
but I was perfectly fine with all I
leaned on really nice days she take me
to the dog park and let me run around
without my leash man I could spend hours
there playing with the other dogs from
the block sniffing trees and flirting a
bit with Daisy whoa she smells so nice
in the evenings would sit on the couch
and watch TV together nothing beats
being cuddled up with your favorite
human while they rub your back in belly
then one day I woke up and started
nuzzling all I lean like I did every
morning come on it's time for breakfast
time for the people on the TV to talk
about the rain and clouds only this time
she didn't wake up I waited and waited
and then started barking so that she'd
opened her eyes and we go to the kitchen
like we'd done so many times our
neighbor Chris must have heard me
because he walked in not long after that
Eileen had given him a spare key just in
case of emergencies well today was that
emergency the people in the big white
truck took my sweet Eileen away I knew
what had happened I could just sense it
Chris came to feed me and take me for a
walk the next day then Eileen's daughter
Karen and her husband Sam came over a
few days later they never liked me very
much they'd always call me hurtful names
like fleabag and mutt so I like to keep
my distance from them they kept coming
over and sometimes they'd be with
strangers they'd all walk around each
room in the house
then one day when the two came over
karen was actually nice to me she said
come on boy
want to go to the dog park I was still
missing Eileen but I also wanted to get
out of the house and maybe see my
friends at the park once we got there
Karen let me off my leash and I went to
go sniff around but after a while my
heart just wasn't in it so I went to
find her only she was gone I'd always
known Karen wasn't fond of me but did
she really abandon me
well fine with no Eileen to go back to I
headed out on my own it wasn't long
after that when I met Oscar we hit it
off immediately we go looking for food
behind restaurants and in different
alleys and it was in one of our regular
spots that we ran into Charlie had just
been thrown out so Oscar and I showed
him the ropes we became a team the three
of us well just like Charlie told you
we'd scavenge for food hide away from
Maine people and keep each other warm
during the cold nights then when Charlie
found Alison
it was just like me and Oscar again and
we love young couple sitting at parks he
just tilt your head they are at you buy
you a snack or share there's some people
are pretty mean though or maybe they're
just scared of stray dogs because they
think we're dangerous or sick they yell
something and don't let their human
babies touch us and that's fine I
understand not all humans can be
Eileen's and Allison's I guess most of
them you have to run or hide from and
that's exactly what me and Oscar did
when we heard some humans coming into
our alley about two weeks ago we
couldn't run so we tried to hide under a
cardboard box I was so scared when they
found us and I was downright terrified
when they loaded us up into their van
this is it man we're done for
but it turned out they were really good
people they find guys like us in the
streets who've been abandoned by their
families they took us to a shelter where
they gave us food and taught us really
cool tricks I soon learned that we were
training to become therapy dogs you see
there are humans who have special needs
whether they're recovering from some
tragedy or trauma or they just get sad
lonely or have nervous feelings they
need a good dog to help them cope not
everyone can be trained to serve humans
like that you gotta have the right
personality but I think the shelter
people noticed Oscar and I had families
before and are friendly and calm so they
picked us training isn't easy and you
have to learn a lot before you can
become a therapy dog I think our first
task will be to help older people
because we had this one visitor a couple
of days ago it was a sweet grandma just
like old Eileen and she spent some time
with us she even brought us treats
I know it probably won't see her again
but I'm happy that I'll be able to help
people like her sure humans can be cruel
I know that all too well but they can
also be sweet and kind no matter what
happened to me I still believe that
would you adopt a stray dog let me know
down in the comments if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend but
hey don't go anywhere just yet
all you have to do is pick the left or
right video click on it and enjoy stay
on the bright side of life